changelog: update on PG11/12 support (#580)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/changelog/2025/03-24-postgresql-11-12-eol.md

---
title: Update on PostgreSQL 11 and 12 support on Clever Cloud
date: 2025-03-24
tags:
  - addons
  - update
authors:
  - name: David Legrand
    link: https://github.com/davlgd
    image: https://github.com/davlgd.png?size=40
description: It's time to upgrade!
excludeSearch: true
---

> As [PostgreSQL 16 and 17 are now available](/developers/changelog/2025/03-18-postgresql-16-17/) on Clever Cloud, we'll start to limit access to end-of-life releases: PostgreSQL 11 and PostgreSQL 12. **Starting April 30th**, you won't be able to create new PostgreSQL 11 and PostgreSQL 12 add-ons. Note that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As [PostgreSQL 16 and 17 are now available](/developers/changelog/2025/03-18-postgresql-16-17/) on Clever Cloud, we'll start to limit access to end-of-life releases: PostgreSQL 11 and PostgreSQL 12. **Starting April 30th**, you won't be able to create new PostgreSQL 11 or 12 add-ons. Note that:
```

* Existing databases will still be available
* Nothing will change for customers already using PG11/12 after this deadline

> But **we recommend you to migrate to an actively supported version**, you can do it using our included migration tool in your add-on parameters. In the coming weeks, you'll start to see warnings in [the Console](https://console.clever-cloud.com) if you are still using PostgreSQL 12 or an older version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But **we recommend you to migrate to an actively supported version**, you can do it using our included migration tool in your add-on parameters. In the coming weeks, you'll start to see warnings in [the Console](https://console.clever-cloud.com) if you are still using PostgreSQL 12 or a lower version.
```
